[Music]
embarking on a difficult journey always
requires an incredible drive and nothing
is more powerful than pain and the
desire to prove everyone wrong at a time
when everyone doubts you and when we
started yes theory that's exactly what
we all went through for a while some of
us heavily struggled with mental health
issues but our friendship and our work
together became our cure we believe that
to truly become great you have to go
through a period in your life that
almost seems impossible to overcome so
if you'd allow me I'd like to tell you
what that period was for each of us
Amara left his home in Egypt at 15 and
ever since he's been dealing with huge
cultural disparities between the way he
was brought up and the way he's decided
to live his life on his own terms he
struggled with multiple episodes of
depression over the past five years but
somehow he always found a way to keep
fighting to continue chasing his dreams
Matt on the other hand struggled with
severe anxiety which eventually built up
to an ego death he stopped being the
partying college student he was to
completely redefine himself into a
hard-working disciplined and ambitious
man Darin was living with a constant
fear of never finishing anything a fear
that he wasn't good at what he loved
that will only ever go half way as for
me my first company failed after three
years just as the girl I had fallen in
love with broke up with me
and on top of it all I developed chronic
muscle injuries forcing me to give up
all my hobbies we were all seeking a new
way of living and were in desperate need
of a sense of direction something that
would help us heal and redefine
ourselves until one day against all odds
we found each other
even though were complete strangers at
the time we bonded over a simple idea
the idea that routine is the enemy of
time that counter-intuitively in order
to regain our sense of direction we have
to do something radically different so
we all bailed on the plans we had that
summer and we decided to chase the
unknown together it was chaos every day
but we finally found a sense of
direction that we had all been craving
what we never expected was that it
wasn't just the individual adventures
that would change our lives but in fact
our newborn friendship and the overall
journey that we went on together as
strangers the journey started off
personal but quickly became even more
excited to see each other overcome our
fears challenge ourselves and redefine
who we are together and behind the
scenes we started to deal
pains pulling them from the depth of who
we are and into the light during that
healing process we discovered something
incredible we discovered what we call
now they s theory we realized that the
one word that unites us and kept us
going was that simple yes so we made it
our life mission to spread this
lifestyle to as many young people as we
possibly can and not to be in an
unrealistic picture of life when you
decide to take an alternative path I
have to warn you it requires a ton of
sacrifices and then our story there was
a lot of those involved
Ammar dropped out of a full-ride
scholarship and turned out $100,000
investment for his startup
Matt shut down as profitable Street work
clothing company what his job and put
his savings on the table for the project
Darren who came to Montreal to co-write
a movie put that on hold and committed
to living with us to capture our
adventures and I gave up four years of
working in tech to fully teach myself
how to edit and make videos our parents
were more furious than we ever thought
they could be our old friends called us
lunatics and a lot of people we
respected weren't sold on our plans
either we took all the feedback and
criticism into consideration but there
was nothing that would stop us from
continuing our journey together with
only three thousand subscribers on our
channel at the time we knew how crazy it
all looked but believe me none of us had
a single doubt that this was gonna work
out we hope that by telling our story we
can inspire you to never doubt that you
are good enough and capable of achieving
whatever you set your mind to as long as
you work hard for it see you on Sunday
for the fifth and final episode of the
yes Theory origin series
[Music]